Update documentation for non-cluster host Typha scaling (#1987)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/getting-started/bare-metal/about.mdx

## How to

> ### Set up your Kubernetes cluster to work with Accepted Values non-cluster host or VM

Reviewer: I don't think your revert worked correctly.

Author: Should be fix this time.

    | typhaEndpoint | Required. Location of the Typha endpoint for non-cluster host agent and Typha communication. | Any IP address or domain name with a port number | string |

    ```bash
    kubectl create -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: operator.tigera.io/v1
    kind: NonClusterHost
    metadata:
      name: tigera-secure
    spec:
      endpoint: <https://domain-or-ip-address:port>
      typhaEndpoint: <domain-or-ip-address:port>
    EOF
    ```

    Wait until the Tigera Manager and non-cluster Typha deployments reach the Available status before proceeding to the next step.

2. Obtain the token for `tigera-noncluster-host` service account.

    ```bash
    kubectl get secret -n calico-system tigera-noncluster-host -o jsonpath='{.data.token}' | base64 --decode
    ```

3. Create a `kubeconfig` file for your non-cluster host or VM similar to the following:

    - Cluster:
      - `server`: The URL of the Kubernetes API server.
      - `certificate-authority-data`: Base64 encoded CA certificate to verify the Kubernetes API server's certificate.
    - User:

>       - `token`: A bearer token associated with the `tigera-noncluster-host` service account obtained in the previous step.

Reviewer: The preferred format for explaining placeholders is as follows:

In the code block, format placeholders like this `<placeholder-text>`.
If you need additional explanation, add a list AFTER the code block:

```
Replace the following:
* `<placholder-1>`: The thing for your whatsit.
* `<placeholder-2>`: A list of ice cream flavors.
* `<placeholder-3>`: Something else.
```

Particularly if you have explanations, you can be much less verbose with the placeholder names.

Author: Move the explanations after the code block.

## How to

> ### Set up your Kubernetes cluster to work with Accepted Valuesa non-cluster host or VM

Reviewer: Not quite sure what your change is doing here. Can you clarify this?

Author: Reverted the change. It was an unintentional change.

1. Apply the `NonClusterHost` custom resource. This resource enables the cluster-side ingestion endpoint to receive logs from non-cluster hosts. Additionally, it provides a dedicated Typha deployment for managing communication between the non-cluster host agent and Typha.

>     To ensure a secure connection, non-cluster host agents will establish an mTLS connection via the `typhaEndpoint` endpoint. As a result, the external ingress or load balancer must be configured to pass through TCP Layer 4 traffic.

Reviewer: If you think people need to know details about the connection, then consider moving that out of the step procedure to an introduction that explains what's going on. Otherwise, you can leave this out.

I'd go with something like this:

```
1. Create an apply a `NonClusterHost` custom resource.
   This resource enables the cluster-side ingestion endpoint to receive logs from non-cluster hosts.
    Additionally, it provides a dedicated Typha deployment for managing communication between the non-cluster host agent and Typha.
```

Author: Updated as suggested. The details for `typhaEndpoint` endpoint is moved to the "Configure hosts to communicate with your Kubernetes cluster" section below. The layer 4 pass through requirement is a bit untypical to configure an ingress or LB so I want to mention that in our doc.

    :::note

    Starting from Calico Enterprise version v3.21.0 Early Preview 2, the `typhaEndpoint` field is required for non-cluster host agents to function correctly. Ensure this filed is properly configured to maintain seamless connectivity.

>     :::

Reviewer: >is required for non-cluster host agents to function correctly.

This qualifies the 'required' idea to make it sound like you may lose only some functionality if you don't specify this field. Is that what you mean? 

If not, better to leave it at just 'required'. We don't need to know why.

Reviewer: I think we can do without this note. Just make clear in this step that we're setting these two fields and that they're required.

Author: Sure. This note is removed.

    | Field         | Description                                                          | Accepted Values                                                          | Schema |
    | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |

>     | endpoint      | Location of the log ingestion point for non-cluster hosts. Required. | Any HTTPS URL with a domain name and a port number                       | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | endpoint      | Required. Location of the log ingestion point for non-cluster hosts. | Any HTTPS URL with a domain name and a port number                       | string |
```

>     | typhaEndpoint | Location of the Typha endpoint for non-cluster host agent and Typha communication. Required. | Any IP address or domain name with a port number | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | typhaEndpoint | Required. Location of the Typha endpoint for non-cluster host agent and Typha communication. | Any IP address or domain name with a port number | string |
```

Author: I will make the change but almost all other places (for example, [felix configuration doc](https://docs.tigera.io/calico-enterprise/latest/reference/resources/felixconfig#felix-configuration-definition)) put "Required" at the end.

Reviewer: Hmm. Okay, thanks. We should definitely move required to the front, because it's most likely to be seen there. I'll see if there's some way I can get those moved.

    ```bash
    kubectl create -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: operator.tigera.io/v1
    kind: NonClusterHost
    metadata:
      name: tigera-secure
    spec:

>       endpoint: https://ingress-or-load-balancer.example.com:443

Reviewer: Why change the value from `<endpoint for non-cluster host log forwarder>`?

Author: These are really placeholders. Not sure what the best presentation form is in our docs. A customer needs to fill the `endpoint` and `typhaEndpoint` fields.

* For `endpoint`, it must be in the URL format: `https://some-domain-or-ip-addr:port`.
* For `typheEndpoint`, it must in this form: `some-domain-or-ip:port`.

>       typhaEndpoint: 5.6.7.8:5473

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      typhaEndpoint: 5.6.7.8:5473
```
Do they need to specify this exact address? If not, we need to add a placeholder and explain how to find the right address.

    EOF
    ```

    Wait until the Tigera Manager and non-cluster Typha deployments reach the Available status before proceeding to the next step.

2. Obtain the token for `tigera-noncluster-host` service account.

    ```bash
    kubectl get secret -n calico-system tigera-noncluster-host -o jsonpath='{.data.token}' | base64 --decode
    ```

> 3. Use a text editor to create a kubeconfig file for non-cluster host or VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a `kubeconfig` file for your non-cluster host or VM similar to the following:
```

Author: Updated as suggested.

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Config
    current-context: noncluster-hosts
    preferences: {}
    clusters:
    - cluster:

>         certificate-authority-data: <your cluster certificate>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        certificate-authority-data: <cluster-certificate>
```

Author: Updated as suggested.

>         server: <your cluster server>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        server: <cluster-server-IP-address>
```
I'd specify exactly what this is, since 'server' can mean many things. Is this an IP address?

Author: This is the URL of the Kubernetes API server. I will make that explicit.

      name: noncluster-hosts
    contexts:
    - context:
        cluster: noncluster-hosts
        user: tigera-noncluster-host
      name: noncluster-hosts
    users:
    - name: tigera-noncluster-host
      user:

>         token: <token from previous step>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        token: <token-for-tigera-noncluster-host>
```

Author: Updated as suggested.

    ```

>     Take the cluster information from the administrator kubeconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Take the cluster information from the administrator `kubeconfig` file.
```
Questions I have after reading this:
What's an 'administrator kubeconfig file'?
What do you mean by 'cluster information'?

Author: Rewrite to explain the placeholder fields in bullet form. "administrator kubeconfig file" is inaccurate and removed.

4. Create a [`HostEndpoint` resource](../../reference/host-endpoints/overview.mdx) for each non-cluster host or VM. The `node` and `expectedIPs` fields are required to match the hostname and the expected interface IP addresses.

> 5. Follow [Configure access to the $[prodname] web console](../../operations/cnx/access-the-manager.mdx) page to configure the $[prodname] web console access.

Reviewer: This isn't really part of your procedure. If you think it's important to guide users to this information, consider adding it in a 'Next steps' section.

Author: Step 5 is removed.

### Set up your non-cluster host or VM

1. Configure the Calico RHEL yum/dnf repositories

   - If your non-cluster host or VM has RHEL 8 installed, then run the following command:

      ```bash

>       curl https://downloads.tigera.io/ee/rpms/v3.21/calico_rhel8.repo -o /etc/yum.repos.d/calico_rhel8.repo

Author: @danudey This hard-coded version is likely to be missed or forget in the future releases. Do we have a release process to update them? Also, it is more ideal to use a RHEL version-agnostic `calico.repo` file as we discussed before.

Reviewer 2: We should definitely replace this with a templated value asap, and I'll work on the version-agnostic calico.repo replacement soon.

@ctauchen Are you able to replace this  `v3.21` with a reference to whichever actual version this is for?

Reviewer: We could do that. Best would be if we changed the location to follow the pattern of all our other downloads: 

`filesUrl: 'https://downloads.tigera.io/ee/v3.21.0-1.0',`

So something like $[filesURL]/rpms/calico.repo --> https://downloads.tigera.io/ee/v3.21.0-1.0/rpms/calico.repo.

Keeping it specific to the patch version is cleaner.

Reviewer: Probably a model like this, considering the package types and os versions also need to fit:

Download domain | product (os | ee | cc) | version ( v3.21.0-1.0 | v3.21.0-2.0 | v3.21.1 | etc) | package (rpm | deb ) | OS+version (rhel9 | rhel8 | etc) | calico.repo

Reviewer: So https://downloads.tigera.io/ee/v3.21.0-1.0/rpm/rhel9/calico.repo
https://downloads.tigera.io/ee/v3.21.0-1.0/rpm/rhel8/calico.repo

Reviewer 2: Keeping it patch version specific is not preferred, as it means any upgrade will require changing the configuration file on every server before upgrading - not the standard practice for software.

The path should be simplified, which, as pointed out, we can do by combining the two files into one, but we still want to keep it organized by minor release rather than patch.

Reviewer: > not the standard practice for software.
Isn't that standard practice for our software? 

Perhaps there's something I'm missing. How would someone decide to downgrade from 3.19.4 to 3.19.3, for example? If we supply only minor versions, then I suppose we overwrite that RPM every time? It's not just downgrades. If someone wanted to reinstall, or install the same patch on a second cluster ...

Author: I believe using this format `https://downloads.tigera.io/ee/rpms/calico.repo` (without specifying the CE version) is important to ensure a smooth upgrade to a newer CE release version. Once the initial setup is done on hosts, we should avoid requiring system administrators to manually SSH into the host and modify the repository location. 

For downgrade, a system administrator can run the `dnf downgrade` command. Every RPM package contains version information in their filename and metadata, e.g., `calico-node-3.20.1.rpm` or `calico-node-3.20.0~pre1.1^20240823gitc210c473`.

Here is [an example](https://repo.almalinux.org/almalinux/8/BaseOS/x86_64/os/Packages/) on how packages are typically organized. Note, only the major (8 or 9) RHEL version is in the URL, while RPM packages from different releases are saved within the same directory.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand. If we don't version the link, how can we simultaneously provide different Calico Enterprise versions? 

As in, we have one user who wants to install 3.20, and another who wants to install 3.21. How do they both get what they're looking for?

Author: `dnf install calico-node-3.20.1-1`. You can specify RPM package versions during install. See dnf install [examples](https://dnf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/command_ref.html#install-examples).

Reviewer: Ah okay, thanks for the explanation. It looks then like we should have a generic file location for the .repo file, and then specify the version in the next step. 

If that's the case, perhaps we should be specifying the version in step 2? 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c17437d-221d-4a54-a84e-e4d5811042c3)

>       ```

Reviewer: Thanks for tidying up the code block indentation!
